B2B phase 2 changes (#8546)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/_includes/_authorization/_introduction.md

> Let's start by taking a step back and talking about Access Control.  There isn't one clear cut definition of Access Control in the industry, but if you spend some time searching and reading you'll see that most authoritative sources agree that it is the umbrella concept that puts all of Authentication, Authorization, Consent, and Policy Enforcement together to ensure that only the right people and services have access to your applications and APIs.  Next, let's look more closely into the distinctions between Authentication, Authorization, Consent, and Policy Enforcement. Your Auth0 tenant (your Authorization Server) is typically responsible for Authentication and Consent, and some or all of Authorization and Policy Enforcement. Additionally, an Application or API itself almost always is the primary enforcer of policies, especially where contextual access is required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start by taking a step back and talking about Access Control. There isn't one clear cut definition of Access Control in the industry, but if you spend some time searching and reading you'll see that most authoritative sources agree that it is the umbrella concept that puts all of Authentication, Authorization, Consent, and Policy Enforcement together to ensure that only the right people and services have access to your applications and APIs.  Next, let's look more closely into the distinctions between Authentication, Authorization, Consent, and Policy Enforcement. Your Auth0 tenant (your Authorization Server) is typically responsible for Authentication and Consent, and some or all of Authorization and Policy Enforcement. Additionally, an Application or API itself almost always is the primary enforcer of policies, especially where contextual access is required:
```

* Will your APIs also be accessed by your own (first-party) applications?
* Will your application be calling a third-party API?
* Should your applications and/or APIs be enforcing access control based on user claims?
<% if (platform === "b2b") { %>

> * What if I want to know which organization my access token applies to?

Reviewer: Could this not also apply to id tokens as well as access tokens? As in I might need to know which organization an id token was associated with?

```suggestion
* What if I need to know which organization an access token or id token is associated with?
```

::: panel Best Practice
When deciding whether you should use permissions through custom claims or scopes, you should make sure you understand the nature and purpose of scopes.  There is a nice [blog post](https://auth0.com/blog/on-the-nature-of-oauth2-scopes/) on that which is easy to read and helps clear up the topic.
:::

<% if (platform === "b2b") { %>

> For many multi-organization applications, it is important to know which organization an access token applies to. Taking care to follow the [best practices](#Organization-Data-in-an-Access-Token) can save you time and effort.

Reviewer: Also referring here to id token, in a fashion similar to the comment above (https://github.com/auth0/docs/pull/8546/files#r356446439)

```suggestion
For multi-organization scenarios, it can often important to know which organization an access token (or even and id token) applies to. Taking care to follow the [best practices](#organization-data-in-an-access-token) can save you time and effort.
```

Author: ```suggestion
For multi-organization scenarios, it can often be important to know which organization an access token (or even an ID token) applies to. Taking care to follow the [best practices](#organization-data-in-an-access-token) can save you time and effort. 
```
